README.md, before:

<div id="header" align='center'>
  <picture>
    <img src='https://media.giphy.com/media/L1R1tvI9svkIWwpVYr/giphy.gif' width="300"/>
  </picture>
</div>
 &nbsp;
<div id='badges' align='center'>
  <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/noemi-caggiano-19b924a4'>
    <img target='_blank' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge' />
  </a>
</div>
<div align='center'>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Noemi890&style=flat-circular" alt=""/>
</div>

<h1>
  Hi there
  <picture>
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" alt="" width="30"/>
  </picture>
</h1>

<h4 align='center'>My name is Noemi and I am a Junior Full Stack Developer from London, ready to take on a challenge and grow within the tech Industry!</h4>
&nbsp;

<div align='center'>
  <picture>
   <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/k0ijJhqrUP4T2EvmJ1/giphy.gif" alt="" width="300"/>
  </picture>
</div>

&nbsp;

<p align='center'>Between April and October 2022 I've studied at Boolean UK, and I am so glad I did! In those 6 months of my life I learned what it feels like to take on a challenge as well as collaborating with other developers in teams and pairs to produce code following Agile processes and coding best practices</p>

---

### :woman_technologist: About Me :

- 🔭 I’m currently working on my own Portfolio
- 🎓 Recently graduated from <a href="https://boolean.co.uk/">Boolean Uk</a>
- 🌱 I’m still growing my knowledge on React and Javascript
- 🔍 Looking for roles as a Junior Developer
- 📗 Currently reading <a href="https://www.dailycodingproblem.com/">Daily Coding Problem</a>
- ⚡ Fun facts: 
  - In my spare time I love playing Videogames 🕹️ 
     - God Of War is my absolute favourite so far :godmode:, with all the Final Fantasy Franchise ⚔️
  - Or chilling on the couch with a good movie/tvSeries to watch! 📺
    - I love Comedy TvSeries such as Friends 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 and How I met your Mother ☂️ , but I also enjoy Game Of Thrones 🪑 and The Walking Dead 🧟‍♀️ and a lot more
    - My all time favourite movie is Harry Potter 🧙‍♀️ 🪄
  - I really love cats 🐈‍⬛

---

### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools :

<div align='center'>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/React-Dark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MaterialUI-Dark.svg" title="Material UI" alt="Material UI" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/NodeJS-Dark.svg" title="NodeJS" alt="NodeJS" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/ExpressJS-Dark.svg" title="Express" alt="Express" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PostgreSQL-Dark.svg" title="PostgreSQL" alt="PostgreSQL" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Prisma.svg" title="Prisma" alt="Prisma" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/VSCode-Dark.svg" title="VSCode" alt="VSCode" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Github-Dark.svg" title="GitHub" alt="GitHub" width="60" />
  </picture>
</div>

---

### :fire: My Stats :

<div align='center'>

  <picture>
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Noemi890&theme=aura&show_icons=true" />
  </picture>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <picture>
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Noemi890&theme=outrun&layout=compact" />
  </picture>
  
</div>

Commit message:

feat: add Projects section to README.md

README.md, after:

<div id="header" align='center'>
  <picture>
    <img src='https://media.giphy.com/media/L1R1tvI9svkIWwpVYr/giphy.gif' width="300"/>
  </picture>
</div>
 &nbsp;
<div id='badges' align='center'>
  <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/noemi-caggiano-19b924a4'>
    <img target='_blank' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge' />
  </a>
</div>
<div align='center'>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Noemi890&style=flat-circular" alt=""/>
</div>

<h1>
  Hi there
  <picture>
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" alt="" width="30"/>
  </picture>
</h1>

<h4 align='center'>My name is Noemi and I am a Junior Full Stack Developer from London, ready to take on a challenge and grow within the tech Industry!</h4>
&nbsp;

<div align='center'>
  <picture>
   <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/k0ijJhqrUP4T2EvmJ1/giphy.gif" alt="" width="300"/>
  </picture>
</div>

&nbsp;

<p align='center'>Between April and October 2022 I've studied at Boolean UK, and I am so glad I did! In those 6 months of my life I learned what it feels like to take on a challenge as well as collaborating with other developers in teams and pairs to produce code following Agile processes and coding best practices</p>

---

### :woman_technologist: About Me :

- 🔭 I’m currently working on my own Portfolio
- 🎓 Recently graduated from <a href="https://boolean.co.uk/">Boolean Uk</a>
- 🌱 I’m still growing my knowledge on React and Javascript
- 🔍 Looking for roles as a Junior Developer
- 📗 Currently reading <a href="https://www.dailycodingproblem.com/">Daily Coding Problem</a>
- ⚡ Fun facts: 
  - In my spare time I love playing Videogames 🕹️ 
     - God Of War is my absolute favourite so far :godmode:, with all the Final Fantasy Franchise ⚔️
  - Or chilling on the couch with a good movie/tvSeries to watch! 📺
    - I love Comedy TvSeries such as Friends 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 and How I met your Mother ☂️ , but I also enjoy Game Of Thrones 🪑 and The Walking Dead 🧟‍♀️ and a lot more
    - My all time favourite movie is Harry Potter 🧙‍♀️ 🪄
  - I really love cats 🐈‍⬛

---

### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools :

<div align='center'>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/React-Dark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MaterialUI-Dark.svg" title="Material UI" alt="Material UI" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="60"/>&nbsp;
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/NodeJS-Dark.svg" title="NodeJS" alt="NodeJS" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/ExpressJS-Dark.svg" title="Express" alt="Express" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PostgreSQL-Dark.svg" title="PostgreSQL" alt="PostgreSQL" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Prisma.svg" title="Prisma" alt="Prisma" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/VSCode-Dark.svg" title="VSCode" alt="VSCode" width="60" />
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Github-Dark.svg" title="GitHub" alt="GitHub" width="60" />
  </picture>
</div>

---

### :computer: My Projects

| Name | Repository | Description |
|------|------------|-------------|
| Cohort Manager 2.0 | [Client](https://github.com/boolean-uk/team-dev-client-c6) and [Server](https://github.com/boolean-uk/team-dev-server-c6)| A Project involving all the Cohort in various aspects of the software. Developed between September/October 2022 |
| RolePlay | [Client and Server](https://github.com/Noemi890/Roleplay_RPG-Text-based)| Developed as a final Project for the Boolean Careers Bootcamp. A text-based "social-media like" RPG |
---

### :fire: My Stats :

<div align='center'>

  <picture>
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Noemi890&theme=aura&show_icons=true" />
  </picture>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <picture>
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Noemi890&theme=outrun&layout=compact" />
  </picture>
  
</div>
